but this is going to be it this is going
to be home for the next
12 14 hours i just have to have a bit of
luck now
justine has filmed big cats in the wild
for over 20 years
but has only captured glimpses of pumas
now for the first time she is hoping to
spend the whole night with this
elusive cat documenting its natural
behavior
around a kill just changed from the
daytime camera to the nighttime camera
and there's a puma out there
wow it's right on the kill already
it just goes that goes to show doesn't
it that the moment it started getting
dark
there came the puma
starting to feed excellent
i can see that he's a male so strong the
way he's just
pulling at that quadcopter
it's just wonderful using this camera i
have no lights on
just sitting here in the dark so it's
not disruptive at all
i think i'm really gonna see exactly
what he wants to get up to
with his kill but for now he's just
having a snooze
big cats spend much of their time
sleeping
the puma only stirs as a storm front
begins to move across the valley
it's gusting at extreme speeds and i'm
not sure
whether this hide is just going to blow
over
oh my god
i swear that the tent's gonna fall in
oh humor puma's got up
what's he doing he can't be hunting
he's still got a big kill there oh he's
chasing
he's probably just trying to keep warm
that's great
for all cats domestic or wild play is a
serious business strong winds and a
clump of dry grass
give the puma a chance to hone his
hunting skills
he's playing with it to defeat
it's so funny it looks like it just
looks like a domestic cat it's like a
secret little view on his life
i guess if he does this sits here by the
kill
just cleaning himself and sleeping
nothing else can come in
he's dominating it all night long
this is the sort of amazing behavior
that i just wanted to see
just the cat alone
blissfully unaware of it being filmed
doing what it does
in the night
i just really feel i'm seeing the true
side of the puma
oh that's wonderful
it's the perfect end to justine's
expedition
she's seen pumas hunting feeding and
playing
capturing unique footage of these
beautiful animals
and their nocturnal lives
[Music]
[Applause]
you